we sit in a really unique vantage point
we're touching so many different
industries whether it's graphic design
fashion and cheerers cosmetics
industrial design we're able to really
look at that broad array of color trends
and preferences and bring them into the
new systems that we launched here
[Music]
the first time I heard of Pantone was
when I was designing for Prince and I
discovered how I needed these little
paper chips to do anything don't give us
color form it gives shape system
organization to color and we all need
color for everything color is infinite
you can always split the difference
between two colors in the development of
the Pantone plus series our color
engineers picked out points within color
space for us to create a new color we
inputted that point into the formulation
system and developed a specific recipe
once we have this ink recipe our ink
technicians turn it into an ink turn it
into a print and from that point on the
birth of the new color exists
sometimes we're looking at color ranges
that exist and we're just getting a
little more complex other times we're
adding brand-new color categories like
the neons the pastels and the new
colored metallics if you're going into
production the word from the printer or
the supplier is you know give me a
Pantone what Pantone is it I'll match it
I mean the things that I've learned
throughout my career in working with
major brands as the color accuracy is
really important consistency is a
measure of a brand and if it's the same
every time you win if it's slightly
different each time it's awful
this is the pantone press room -
printing presses that drive the
manufacturer of all Pantone publications
this press is the manufacturing key to
Pantone this press allows us to print 28
colors in one impression through the
press there is no other printing press
in the world that can do this
we have a very unique place in the
ecosystem that is color design so as we
were looking at new product development
we were listening to our customers and
they were telling us we want more color
we want a new design that's more
intuitive we want digital tools so
Pantone plus is really the result of
that kind of input from designers across
platform across the world
[Music]
224 new colors were added and the
digital solutions that we've married up
with them allow them to be used in
current workflows the Pantone color
manager is software that will be
releasing with Pantone plus it is a
digital representation of all of our fan
decks and it allows a design or anyone
working with Pantone colors to be able
to push those digital values into all of
their design applications and over the
history of the development of the book
new sections have been added on at the
end which broke the family orientation
of the book the book has been reordered
now so that all families of colors are
next to each other in a predictable
manner
my favorite Pantone color full30 to red
we use color InDesign to convey certain
feelings emotions or meanings I use
Pantone as kind of a universal color
language I actually don't know what I
would do if we didn't have the Pantone
chips I guess I would take a client out
on the streets and pointed the cap and
say is that a yellow you want I really
don't know
I think color is one of the most
powerful things in the world I think the
ability for there be new stories in
color just because there's more I think
is going to be great
[Music]
you